[title]

Research proposal

Background: edited here

There is plenty of research telling us about the impact teachers have on students and educational organizations, their contributions to economic and social development, the characteristics of great teachers. Yet, paradoxically, we know little about the factors that affect their capacity to do their job. 


From the public health literature, we can glean linkages between working conditions and mental and physical health outcomes, and the impact the former can have on job productivity and satisfaction. However, we know little about the actual working conditions of teachers in Colombia. Workplace issues affecting them have been neglected by researchers and policy makers. 


Therefore with my doctoral research I want to address this gap by seeking answers to questions such as: “What are the characteristics of teachers’ working conditions in Colombia?” “What is the impact of working conditions on teachers’ mental health?” “What is the impact of teachers’ working conditions and mental health on students’ achievement?” “What are the implications of teachers’ working conditions for the educational system as a whole?”  “How have other societies dealt with this issue?” “What policy recommendations can I make based on evidence?”


My research is aligned with current education policy priorities in Colombia aimed at improving the quality of compulsory education. One of the central aspects of this reform is to promote “teaching excellence”, which is focused mostly in the improvement of teachers’ academic skills and qualifications. In my research, I hypothesize that improving the professional skills of teachers might not be enough to increase educational quality. To achieve this, a successful reform must also make sure teachers are provided with safe and healthy working conditions. 
Methods

This is a research with a cross-sectional design. To evaluate working conditions I will use Cincel’ psychosocial risk factors questionnaire and to measure health otucomes I will use the Maslach Burnout Inventory and the GHQ-12. I calculated a sample of 3381 school public teachers. 

Research/analyses you would like to conduct while in Groningen:


As a part of the internship, I would like to develop professional and institutional networks and engage in research and writing collaborations, participate in professional meetings and conferences, and interact with other students and researchers. DEMASIADO GENERAL??? LO COPIE DEL CORREO QUE LE ENVIAMOS LA PRIMERA VEZ. SERA QUE ACA DEBEMOS ESCRIBIR COSAS COMO HACER ANALISIS EPIDEMIOLOGICOS CON LOS DATOS? … ELLA ES EPIDEMIOLOGA Y CREO QUE OIR ESTO PUEDE INTERESARLE. 
